CMA RN add 2.18.2 RN back (#114898)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom-rn-218.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
You can review the following release notes to learn about changes in the 2.18.z releases.

> [id="nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom-rn-2181-2_{context}"]

Author: No need to review the text. I added the text via https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/106595/changes, which was reviewed.

== Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator 2.18.1-2 release notes

Issued: 09 February 2026

> [role="_abstract"]

Reviewer: Can we have multiple abstract tags inside a module?

Author: Fixed.

You can review the following release notes to learn about the bug fixes provided in this release of the Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator.

> This release of the Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator 2.18.1-2 addresses Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs). The following advisory is available for the Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator: link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2026:2368[RHSA-2026:2368]

Reviewer: "This" is self-referential. Consider:

> The Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator 2.18.1-2 release...

Author: Would need to change this in ~20 files to keep them consistent.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before installing this version of the Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator, remove any previously installed Technology Preview versions or the community-supported version of Kubernetes-based Event Driven Autoscaler (KEDA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing the 2.18.1-2 version of the Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator, remove any previously installed Technology Preview versions or the community-supported version of Kubernetes-based Event Driven Autoscaler (KEDA).
```

Author: Would need to change this in ~20 files to keep them consistent.
